ref(Capacitor): Update migration guide (#13909)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/capacitor/index.mdx

### Angular Version Compatibility

> Currently, the Sentry Capacitor SDK only supports Angular 14 and newer.

Author: I will split this into another PR
```suggestion
In its current beta version, the Sentry Capacitor SDK only supports Angular 14 and newer.```

> In its current beta version, the Sentry Capacitor SDK only supports Angular 14 and newer.```

Author: ```suggestion
In its current beta version, the Sentry Capacitor SDK only supports Angular 14 and newer.
```
